(The first episode of LOOΠΔ TV for Choerry!)
(Choerry's getting ready for a photo shooting!)
Hello~ I’m wearing earrings~
Let’s go!
HaSeul: Choerry, you look beautiful!
HaSeul, YeoJin, Kim Lip & JinSoul came to cheer Choerry up!
YeoJin: Me and Choerry are really close. Because we both are the youngest members of LOOΠΔ!
JinSoul: (Provoking) Choerry said her best friend is me~
YeoJin: I know everything about Choerry!
YeoJin: She’s very nice
YeoJin: and always cheerful…
YeoJin: Yes.
(Choerry, a nice and cheerful girl, is right here!)
Kim Lip: You're too cheerful!
JInSoul: She’s cheerful, even when she makes a mistake or does something wrong!
(Like this...)
'Where are you going? They said 'come here~' '
JinSoul: Did you see? She’s always like that.
(The eight girl Choerry. She's the most kind and cheerful girl of LOOΠΔ!)